[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats formed
an alliance with Law
and launched an attack on
Doflamingo in Dressrosa.
[NARRATOR] In response,
Doflamingo trapped the kingdom
inside a barrier and challenged
all present to a game.
[NARRATOR]
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
[LAW] What do make of
Monkey D. Luffy?
I have to ask you!
Huh?
[LAW] You were once
a Celestial Dragon.
You must have something
interesting to say.
[LAW]
Shambles!
[LAW] What do make of
the "Will of D."?
[DOFLAMINGO]
Why should I indulge you?
That's none of your concern!
You think that this is his fate?
Huh? That Straw Hat
was lead here?
My divine blood enticed him
to come and kill me?
A bunch of nonsense!
[ROSINANTE]
One more thing.
Those who fear
the inheritors of D.
have given them another title.
"Sworn enemy of gods"!
I'm also a "D."!
You're a "D."?
You have a hidden name?
And you're destined to
come here and defeat me?
Is that what you're
trying to say?
You think you can stop me
because of some
letter in your name?
That you're the sworn enemy
of the gods, driven by fate?
That's rubbish!
A legend!
Just a lie!
[LAW]
Injection...
...Shot!
[LAW] Cora knew that
it would take more than
a measly "D." to defeat you.
And yet, when I
learned the truth,
my fate changed all the same.
Listen.
[ROSINANTE]
I love you, kid!
[LAW] I'm only here because
Cora was too kindhearted
to pull the trigger that day.
So now, I'm going to
do it for him!
Doffy!
[LAW grunts]
So, that was it?
Pulled your trigger
and now we're done?
[LAW panting]
[DOFLAMINGO]
I don't like this one bit.
Now, Room!
[TREBOL gasps]
[yells]
Counter Shock!
[laughs] A close one,
but not close enough!
Hey. Hey. I bet you were
counting on that to hit!
You must be real sad! [laughs]
Hey! Are you ignoring me?
You mad?
Law! Law?
Hey, hey!
Not even gonna look at me?
Are you crying?
[laughs] Too bad!
I thought you were gonna
do something cool earlier,
but guess not!
You're not all talk, are ya?
Give it another shot,
why don'tcha?
[DOFLAMINGO]
I'm so disappointed in you.
I can't iterate that enough.
[LAW]
Takt!
[TREBOL]
Doffy!
The tower is flying!
Flying at us!
That's not good!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Spiderweb!
Shambles!
Scalpel!
These pathetic attacks of yours
are degrading to both of us.
You think you can win
with guts alone?
Since when did you
become so sentimental?
[LUFFY yells]
[LUFFY]
Bellamy!
Sorry! You okay?
Damn it!
How long are you gonna make him
suffer like this, you bastard?
How long do you think?
Until he falls apart, of course!
It's fine, Straw Hat.
I'm telling you, finish me off.
I don't wanna!
I'm kicking one ass--
Mingo's!
Real one-- Not that puppet!
[BELLAMY]
Please! I'm begging you!
I just told you "no," didn't I?
Please! You gotta!
Let this end!
Don't make me suffer!
[BELLAMY]
This has gone on long enough!
I've lost everything!
Do it! Kill me!
[LUFFY]
Don't say another word.
[DOFLAMINGO] You really are
useless, aren't you?
As a pirate and now
as a puppet, too.
[LUFFY]
Stop it, Fake Mingo!
Come on! Honor the man's
final request, why don't you?
[BELLAMY yells]
[LUFFY]
Doflamingo!
[ZORO]
Dammit!
[PICA]
Where did you go?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
I thought I was gonna die!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE C]
Did he beat that Pirate Hunter
guy or not?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE C gasps]
There he is! Lord Pica!
This guy's hard-headed
in more ways than one.
[PICA] So what if you
know how my power works?
That doesn't mean you can
beat me, or even catch me!
Don't congratulate
yourself so quickly!
[ZORO]
Come back!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE D] Take him
down! Don't move, Pirate Hunter!
This is the end of
the road for you!
This is a massive
pain in the ass. Huh?
Commodore Dignity!
[inhales]
Now, atten-hut!
Count off!
--Uh, one!
--Two!
--Three!
--Four!
--Five!
--Six!
--Seven!
--Eight!
--Nine!
--And ten!
Huh?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE Q] Please,
sir, no! Have mercy on me! No!
Wait. Why are we
lining up, anyway?
[ORLUMBUS]
Killer Bowling!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
Nice one, pal!
Forge on ahead!
[ZORO] Thanks! You're from
the coliseum, right?
[ORLUMBUS] That's right!
My name is Orlumbus.
If this battle were at sea,
I would have rained
terror upon my foes
with the full-force of
my Yontamaria Fleet!
But seeing as I'm shorthanded,
I'll have to leave that
stone monster to you.
[ZORO]
No problem!
Now where did that
giant bastard run off to?
[ZORO]
Well, there's my answer!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE R gasps]
Lord Pica took over
the whole plateau!
[laughs] Let's see if
you can dodge my attacks...
There's no way that's
your real laugh!
[PICA]
Hm? What?!
I don't get it. Is there
something funny about my laugh?
[ZORO] It sounds
way too stupid to be real!
[PICA]
Eh?!
You're the stupid
one to say that!
You know what happens
when Lord Pica gets angry?!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES gasp]
Don't do this, Lord Pica!
[PICA]
Charlestone!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES scream]
[ZORO]
Hmph.
Ha. Wanna get big? Fine!
When I cut you down,
it's gonna feel real good.
[TREBOL chuckles]
I'm afraid you're not looking
at the big picture here.
You've spent your whole life
getting hung up on
meaningless little details.
That's why you've never been
able to seize the moment, Law.
For all your bluster,
you still haven't been
able to pull that trigger.
In fact, I'd go so far as to say
you haven't even
put your hand on the gun.
Worrying about
other people's pain
is a sign of being small-minded.
It only leads to
self-destruction.
Despite this failure,
you'd be perfectly capable of
killing me if you wanted to.
Assuming you stuck to the plan
and started a fight
between Kaido and I.
There's plenty of
ways to take out
someone stronger than you,
if you're smart.
But you weren't smart at all.
Instead, you were emotional.
And the moment
you decided you had to
avenge Corazon with
your own two hands,
you condemned yourself
to certain death.
All this talk reminds me.
Do you remember
that secret message?
It's not a trick.
If a Marine sees this,
they would know exactly
what to do with it.
This one little package
will save a country.
A faraway kingdom
called Dressrosa.
I don't get it.
[VERGO]
A secret message?
I don't know who gave this
to you, but I'm grateful.
I'll take good care of this.
So don't you worry.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Corazon did a splendid job
of undermining me
to save this kingdom.
Everything was gonna work out
fine, until you blew it.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
That face says you do remember.
And it must sting, too.
You're responsible for
Corazon's death as much as me.
[DOFLAMINGO] Imagine how
history might have changed.
Every tragedy that befell this
kingdom could have been avoided,
if only you'd
delivered that message.
[LAW]
Even you don't believe that.
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Didn't lose your cool this time.
You're learning.
And yes, you're right!
Even with that message,
I would have found a way.
No matter what, the throne
would still have been mine.
[DOFLAMINGO] That means Corazon
sacrificed himself for nothing.
The effort he put forth
was meaningless.
The only one who can
decide that is me!
Everything that I do,
until I die,
is a part of Cora's legacy!
Well, is that so!
Why, that almost brings a tear
to your eye, doesn't it?
[DOFLAMINGO]
But it's true.
Everything that's done,
for better or worse,
becomes a part of your legacy,
etched in stone.
Like when you ate
the Op-Op Fruit and ran away.
Or when you bared your fangs
at me on Punk Hazard.
Or when you came here and
challenged me in my own kingdom!
[LAW screams]
[LAW screaming]
[laughs] That was
a good one, Doffy!
[laughs] Nothing beats
the good old String Saw, huh?
[LAW screams]
[TREBOL] I'm really loving
those screams, Law! Keep it up!
[TREBOL laughs]
It's time for Second Gear!
[BELLAMY yells]
Coming through! Sorry!
C'mon, Fake Mingo!
Gum-Gum Red Hawk!
[yelling]
Go away! [grunts]
I gotta hurry and
beat the real Mingo!
[LAW groaning]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Maybe you were influenced
by the other "D."
But as I said, everything that's
happened is etched in stone now.
There's no changing the truth.
And that's why I forgive you.
[DOFLAMINGO] Like I forgave my
father and forgave my brother.
That is to say in death.
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
[LAW]
No!
Let's go! Jet Gatling!
[yelling]
Nothing beats a lead bullet
for a proper execution, I say.
There you have it.
At least one trigger's
getting pulled.
[TREBOL gasps]
That's Doffy's double!
Mingo! It's time to fight!
He did it!
[TREBOL gasps] This is awful!
He got all busted up!
I suppose the cage was
a bit too small, huh?
[DOFLAMINGO]
I should've known you wouldn't
be so easy to contain.
[LUFFY]
Hey! Did you hear me?
[NARRATOR] Hajrudin enters a
grueling struggle with Machvise
and soon finds himself
pummeled into the ground
beneath his weight.
But remembering the debt
he owes Luffy and his crew,
the giant stands tall again
and unleashes an attack
that echoes with
the spirit of Elbaf itself!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Decisive Battle
Against the Executives!
Proud Hajrudin!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!